You relax and drift quickly into a meditative trance.

Instantly your spirit is torn from your body, and sent hurling through time
and space, as moments of history explode around you.

Dimly you see a figure at the end of a tunnel of flashing lights.  Your
course focuses on a single being ahead.  You slam into the form and feel a
moment of vertigo.


Chapter 6: The Great War

You hurriedly spin about, waiting for the group of Lupinos to return. All 
of your team members dead, you are alone and surrounded. Your control of 
the form is weak, but you attempt to build up one final attack. You look 
about, but none of the Lupinos can be found. You resolve to not die without 
taking a few of the marauding Ka'lee with you. You never get the chance as 
your back is engulfed by flames and you fall to the ground, your 
concentration finally breaking and your life expiring.

The skies above you spin and careen out of control as you carry the 
struggling enemy in your claws out over the rocky cliff. The buzzing in 
your head intensifies as undoubtedly the Ka'lee is panicking. You haven't 
been able to determine what faction he is from, but the buzzing is enough 
to tell you it's not your own. Finding him alone on your patrol gave you a 
good excuse to practice controlling the new form under duress, and so you 
made the best of it. The buzzing reaches a screaming as you open your 
talons and let him fall to his death.
Wild snarls rend the air as the broodlings yearn for combat.

                            * * * * * * * * * *

It has been three weeks on this deserted planet, and you can't even 
remember why you came here in the first place. Part of a multi-team mission 
which has ended in horror and gore, you wish only now to try to find the 
rendezvous point to flee this massacre. It's really unimportant how the 
B'rin discovered the mission and ambushed you. All you want now is to get 
out. You stretch your senses out from the cave you are hidden in to try to 
gain a sense of direction, but all you feel is death and decay. You're 
completely on your own now, and you hope only to escape with your life.

                            * * * * * * * * * *

You scream in anger as the report of the loss of the battalion you sent 
over the right flank reaches you. Six hundred H'tok were completely 
decimated within a matter of seconds. You know that you must retake that 
flank in order to advance to the mountains. You quickly dispatch another 
battalion. Hopefully these Ka'lee won't share the same fate.

                            * * * * * * * * * *

The pain sears through your shoulder as the Q'ax interrogators torture you 
mindlessly. The buzzing in your head comes in waves, almost drowning out 
the pleas of your child, whom they have forced to watch. You silently hate 
yourself for ending up in this position, allowing your child to be forced 
to see your weakness. You steel yourself against another onslaught of pain, 
but three days of constant torture have taken their toll, and you fall to 
the ground weeping. You don't need to look at your child to feel his shame.

                            * * * * * * * * * *
                            
You stretch your senses from the safety of your Shasa in orbit around the 
planet down onto the rocky plateau and mountains where the battle is 
occurring. Two thousand R'do under your command in various forms assault a 
hidden mountain camp hiding rebel members of their own faction who claim to 
want to usurp the current R'do hierarchy. Such thinking must not go 
unpunished, for fear of others feeling the same. You issue the orders to 
advance and sense the rebel R'do's leaving the safety of their mountain 
camp to meet the assault. Waiting until the right moment, when the rebels 
have exposed themselves and moved onto the plateau. You issue the order to 
bring the earthquake, and you watch as all the R'do, including your own 
army, stumble and fall to their deaths into the gaping chasm or are crushed 
by the falling rocks from the mountains above. You wait until you are 
certain that few remain, then send in your reinforcements to finish them 
off. All of them.

                            * * * * * * * * * *

You slowly inch your way through the caverns underneath the J'jia Council 
chambers, concentrating equally on suppressing any extraneous thoughts you 
have to prevent the buzzing in the minds of the J'jia above you which would 
instantly reveal your presence. You ignore the quiet buzzing in your own 
mind and wind your way through the tunnels until you are relatively certain 
that you are close to the center of the chambers. In one swift movement, 
you release control of your thoughts and extend them outwards to determine 
the exact location. You scream in terror as you realize that you are out of 
position by a large amount. You feel the buzzing in your mind increase as 
the J'jia are alerted to you. You quickly scramble back through the tunnels 
to get under the Council chambers, but four <forms> already await you, 
though how they got there so fast you do not know. You quickly concentrate 
on initiating the explosion within yourself, which should take several 
second before it triggers. You watch in satisfaction as the forms descend 
on you, knowing they will be the next to go after yourself. You only have 
time to hope that although you are not exactly under the Council chambers, 
perhaps you will be able to kill at least one or two.

                            * * * * * * * * * *
                            
You refuse. You steadfastly refuse to attack a helpless Ka'lee outpost that 
has no weapons and undoubtedly little contact with the Great War at all. 
Your commanding officer stands in front of you, keeping his thoughts well 
guarded. He quickly raises his hand and slaps you across the face. You 
instantly feel the prick of a Sho'ga, and have only enough time to vomit 
before the poison kills you.

                            * * * * * * * * * *

The slight buzzing in your head all day has been making you and everyone 
else in the training compound very nervous. Undoubtedly there is another 
Ka'lee from a different faction somewhere nearby, but nobody has been able 
to ascertain where, though many keep pausing to look skywards. The leaked 
information this morning regarding a new form that could create gravity 
wells and therefore destroy whole planets is definitely adding to the 
hysteria. It can't be possible, though, you think. Such a form would 
require an enormous amount of concentration, and no single Ka'lee could 
control it. Also, no Ka'lee, you think, would condone the murder of several 
billion Ka'lee, no matter the cost of the Great War. The noise of the 
others attracts your attention, and you look skyward long enough to see 
three giant falling stars burning brightly, and seemingly getting closer 
very quickly. Three billion Ka'lee, you think. Three billion individual 
Ka'lee.

As quickly as you left your body to relive these memories, your
consciousness is sucked back through a tunnel of time and space, reentering
your body with incredible force.


You feel a moment of sharp pain as a new tendril bursts from your flesh at
the base of your cerebral cortex.


Congratulations on achieving a new level of control!
