Day 1
Moving out of the academy was the best thing I've ever done. The
closed-minded 'scholars' there didn't understand what real power is:
power lies in control of greater demons.  The time has come for the
greater demons to become my servants... and when the men at the academy
see what I've done, they too will fall under my rule.  Soon, very soon,
the demons will be mine.

Day 17
I've found it!  The primary ingredient in the summoning process is the
blood of the summoner.  More tedious translation work is to be done if I
am going to understand the remaining lines of this book I've received.  I
hope I'm able to translate it -- I've sacrificed all the merchants I could
find.  Another caravan won't come through for a while.

Day 23
Before I summon the greater demons I must find an object to hold it in.  I
think a sword will work out nicely.  Perhaps then I can also harness the
power of the demon to a greater extent.  I shall find a smithy to forge me
one right away.

Day 26
The smithy is dead ... his soul was the last ingredient in the
construction of the blade.  There are servant imps from the academy about.
I know it. They'll never wreck my work!

Day 27
The translation of the summoning process is complete.  The process is
quite simple and I only blame myself for the oversight.  It is simply a
matter of using the serpent dagger to draw my blood.  Tomorrow will be my
day of triumph, when I draw the soul of an Arch-Demon into this blade.
-Rathanon, Master Summoner of the 7th Circle

Day 28
The dagger has been stolen! I know the imps have done this! They must not
be allowed to succeed! I will destroy the community myself before I
surrender my work to those amateurs!  I must plot my revenge
